docs: add sample for harvest vm (#55)
Azure/placement-policy-scheduler-plugins: examples/harvest-vm/README.md

> 

Reviewer: nit: remove new line

# Running Placement Policy Scheduler Plugins in Harvest VM cluster

> 

Reviewer: nit: remove extra new line

## AKS demo

> #### 1. Create [AKS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/) cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Create an [AKS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/) cluster with harvest vm
```

```sh
# Create a resource group in East US
az group create --name harvestvm --location eastus

# Create a basic single-node AKS cluster
az aks create \
    --resource-group harvestvm \
    --name harvestaks \
    --vm-set-type VirtualMachineScaleSets \
    --node-vm-size Harvest_E2s_v3
    --node-count 3 \
    --generate-ssh-keys \
    --load-balancer-sku standard
```

> When the cluster is ready, use the az aks get-credentials command to get the cluster credentials for use with kubectl:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `az aks get-credentials` command to get access credentials for the cluster:
```

```
az aks get-credentials --resource-group harvestvm --name harvestaks
```

> Add a second node pool that runs 3 nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a second node pool with 3 nodes:
```

```
az aks nodepool add \
    --resource-group harvestvm \
    --cluster-name harvestaks \
    --name normalvms \
    --node-count 3
```

#### 2. Deploy placement-policy-scheduler-plugins as a secondary scheduler

The container images for the scheduler plugin is available in the github container registry.

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/placement-policy-scheduler-plugins/main/deploy/kube-scheduler-configuration.yml
```

<details>
<summary>Result</summary>

```
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/placementpolicies.placement-policy.scheduling.x-k8s.io created
configmap/pp-scheduler-config created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/pp-plugins-scheduler created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/pp-plugins-scheduler created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/pp-plugins-scheduler-as-kube-scheduler created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/pp-plugins-scheduler-as-kube-scheduler created
serviceaccount/pp-plugins-scheduler created
deployment.apps/pp-plugins-scheduler created

```
</details><br/>

#### 3. Deploy a `PlacementPolicy` CRD

```yaml
kind: PlacementPolicy
metadata:

>   name: harvest-stric-must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: harvest-strict-must
```

spec:
  weight: 100
  enforcementMode: Strict
  podSelector:
    matchLabels:
      app: nginx
  nodeSelector:
    matchLabels:

>       # instansce type can be one of the following( Harvest_E2s_v3, Harvest_E4s_v3, Harvest_E8s_v3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # instance type can be one of the following( Harvest_E2s_v3, Harvest_E4s_v3, Harvest_E8s_v3)
```

Reviewer: Can we also add a step for how to get this node label for the existing nodes?

Author: Please let me know what you think [step 3](https://github.com/Azure/placement-policy-scheduler-plugins/pull/55/files/493684b947b9964145ca36748ef44efb80bdd84a#diff-5112de02c93dd5f001ff64f0e5b79191c18bd697fffed12283fc55e8a1f70271R64)

      node.kubernetes.io/instance-type: Harvest_E2s_v3
  policy:
    action: Must
    targetSize: 40%
```

<details>
<summary>Result</summary>

```

> placementpolicy.placement-policy.scheduling.x-k8s.io/strict-must created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
placementpolicy.placement-policy.scheduling.x-k8s.io/harvest-strict-must created
```

nginx-cdb9z   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.2.11   aks-agentpool-33997223-vmss000001   <none>           <none>
nginx-wpxj9   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.2.12   aks-agentpool-33997223-vmss000001   <none>           <none>
nginx-xc2cr   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.1.10   aks-agentpool-33997223-vmss000002   <none>           <none>
nginx-xvqbb   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.7.5    aks-normalvms-23099053-vmss000000   <none>           <none>
nginx-dmb4h   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.7.6    aks-normalvms-23099053-vmss000000   <none>           <none>
nginx-skzrk   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.8.6    aks-normalvms-23099053-vmss000001   <none>           <none>
nginx-hrznh   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.8.5    aks-normalvms-23099053-vmss000001   <none>           <none>
nginx-6c87l   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.6.6    aks-normalvms-23099053-vmss000002   <none>           <none>
nginx-f9mm2   1/1     Running   0          56s   10.244.6.5    aks-normalvms-23099053-vmss000002   <none>           <none>
```

> We will find the nodes which carry the same node selector defined in the strict-must `PlacementPolicy` have been assigned 40% of the workload as defined with `targetSize`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will find the nodes which carry the same node selector defined in the harvest-strict-must `PlacementPolicy` have been assigned 40% of the workload as defined with `targetSize`.
```

#### 6. Clean up

> - Delete [AKS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete [AKS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/) cluster
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

Add a second node pool with 3 nodes:

```
az aks nodepool add \
    --resource-group harvestvm \
    --cluster-name harvestaks \
    --name normalvms \
    --node-count 3
```

#### 2. Deploy placement-policy-scheduler-plugins as a secondary scheduler

The container images for the scheduler plugin is available in the github container registry.

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/placement-policy-scheduler-plugins/main/deploy/kube-scheduler-configuration.yml
```

<details>
<summary>Result</summary>

```
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/placementpolicies.placement-policy.scheduling.x-k8s.io created
configmap/pp-scheduler-config created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/pp-plugins-scheduler created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/pp-plugins-scheduler created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/pp-plugins-scheduler-as-kube-scheduler created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/pp-plugins-scheduler-as-kube-scheduler created
serviceaccount/pp-plugins-scheduler created
deployment.apps/pp-plugins-scheduler created

```
</details><br/>

#### 3. Choose node label

> To identify the harvest vms, we can use node label `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type` and set the value by choosing the harvest vm size by runing the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To identify the harvest vms, we can use the instance type node label: `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type: <vm size>`.  Run the following command to get the vm size:
```
